How much blame you see
Invitations suck
The female live streaming host is so angry
Then say something nice
I will accompany you again.
No, I don't want it.
Then I will take the initiative to accompany
The woman who can make me chase Yanjing and break the principle
You are the only one
Mr. Zhou is not afraid to take me out
There will be rumors
Stain your innocent reputation
I never asked for it.
You hide our relationship
Or do you think you are not worthy of you?
Child love
This is not an affair
It's an underground game.
Listen to your tone
I feel ashamed to be my woman Zhou Yanjing, not ashamed
But if my appetite is big enough
Want more?
You better not think about it.
I don't want to talk about financial status or marriage
I want to talk about the human heart.
Miss, your invitation is still fake
Please leave.
How is that possible?
My invitation was still given to me by the organizer
How could it be fake?
A summit like this
Someone always wants to get in
Don't think I can let you in if you say you're the host